Continuing from [[2023-05-09]].

Man, the last time I'd worked substantially on this was that long ago? Since, I've been working some heavy time on the Clock game, things have been coming out peachy! Past that, though, I've got some nice work I want to get done here today; the core gameplay of walking around, selection, and linking to external resources.

---

So luckily that first part's already done, the walking and things like that. Today's going to be about the selection mechanic, UI, and linking for things. Let's git' er done.

So I guess the first thing I should do is make some component that raycasts and then activates some sort of selectable object's script. Two controllable components ought to do just fine.
	Now what excites me about this approach is how data-driven it *can be*. With platformers like the clock game, I sometimes feel weird implementing an MVC-type approach like in my Domino game. But maybe I shouldn't, it's never really too late to implement something like that...
	But, the use case for the MVC pattern in my Domino game was to have my Domino classes and board and all that be serializable so I coould save and load games. That might not be *so* useful here because I'm not sure yet if data even *should* be preserved between sessions.

In any case, let's get this done. In fact, though, I'll have my PlayerController call a method in the camera's state machine that will trigger the selection and things like that. And, I understand from my Clockgame that Raycasting (especially just once) every frame isn't HORRIFIC to a small project's performance.

Well, let's thing though... There is more nuance here that I don't want to ignore. For example, maybe I should have the selection play into a camera state...
I exist in the CameraPlayerState while we're walking around and nothing's selected. Then, I need to handle the selection input, and when a valid selection is made, try and reach that GameObject and all that stuff.

Performance-wise, I want a layer that selectable objects can live on, and then I can get their SelectableObjectController component and place their data into some UI. That would be another Camera state to lerp over to some position and show the selection UI and all that.

Thinking as well about the SelectableObjects, I have to make sure an object knows when it's selected, and deselected. Much less, when it's hovered over and not hovered over. I'm going to do this manually, but I have a few ways in mind.
The simplest might be maintaining a reference to a SelectableObjectController when I raycast and hit one. If I'm casting every frame in FixedUpdate, then the ONE frame I get something blank, I'll trigger its OnHoverExit function and all that.

---

It's been a short while, some two hours on this problem. I have a basic selection logic working, now sending information to the camera. But after a tasty little memory leak that stemmed from a thoughtless state transition, I had to reset Unity and afford myself just one minute's break LOL.

Aaaand after some questionably rookie-ish timesinks, I've gotten the basic selection mechanic down. In a bit, after dinner, I'll come back and make some UI for this all that will ultimately return control to the Player.

---

It's after dinnertime! After a mini-siesta I'm going to go again and try to wrap this little bit up here. What remains is to show the UI for the objects. I'd like to do something pretty neat, but I have to make some basic stuff for now. Anyway, here goes.

Firstly, I need to decide how to get OUT of the CameraState where we're showing the UI and things like that. A part of me says "Events, events! We LOVE UnityEvents!". But another part of me wonders if there's a better way to do that...
I just feel weird having methods that have to do SO much with a certain contextual UI so available to other classes. Like, public data syndrome.

Well, I tell you what... if I make a UI, then get its buttons, THEN hook up and remove listeners to the specific ObjectInfoUI's things in the CameraUIInfoState, I might have something good to work with here... And this permission only TRULY pertains to that state.
Long story short, I make a state about the UI Info, then give it some references to the proper UI to show depending on the type of resource. For now, just one type works for external links. I'll populate it with the selected object's data using a method for the UI controller, add my listeners to its buttons, and I'll be good.

Aaaand completed, albeit somewhat sloppily. I could use some refactoring with the two lerp states I have, assuredly, but things work well so far. Woohoo!