Continuing from [[2023-10-17 & 19]].

So the meeting went well despite some horrific builds of the game coming up. Grr...

Since then, I had the idea to add some things.
Mainly, more opportunities for players to express themselves. I wanted to add some interactive elements like a musical weathervane or windchime rack or something that lets you play notes individually and create little songs.
As well, Annie suggested a little camera or something like that with an image of Alicia at the estate, saying that she was an avid photographer.

But to do such a thing, I have to implement some Selectable / Interactable objects that follow that pattern of being clickable by the Raycast and all that.

I use the nomenclature of "Selectable" a lot in my code despite this interactability being a lot more of an "Interactable" now that I'm changing this up...
It was my initial idea to pull up SelectableObjectController's OnHover/OnSelect functionality into an interface for the easiest interactability and things like that. It's still a decent idea, but the nomenclature doesn't quite describe as accurately as I'd like it to... The problem arose because I chose to name my input action "Select" for that specific input to the game as a whole.
TLDR, the names "Select" and "Interact" presently mean the same thing because THAT's what I named the Input Action and the subsequent, in-code actions.
What that means is that I need this interface (potentially) to handle most to all of the Camera-Interactable interactions that happen here. Mainly, the OnHover logic and the OnInteract logic.

So yeah, I'm pulling up some of the SelectableObject functions into an abstract superclass, then I'll use those methods to make something.

---

The something I ended up making was a chime rack with a utility script - it fires off a UnityEvent when it, a CamInteractableObject, is interacted with from the camera. So boom. Now I just need to figure out how to divide the pitches in tune with a scale, because even though the distance from pitch value 1 to 2 is an octave, changing the pitch didn't work amazingly well on my first try according to calculations of the pitch diatonically nor incrementally by .1s.