Continuing from [[2023-05-25]].
Over this weekend, I'll be on vacation, so I have some time to think and consider what I want to do with this all. I feel like I have so many ideas, but I have to consult others for what would be a good fit.

I have to post my update really quick, so I'll take care of that. I really have to think, however, about the next steps for both projects. Yes, there's ABSOLUTELY a lot of optimization that could take place with the selection mechanic for the Wren's Nest, but... I must look to the sky! What *else* is there to take care of besides content creation, levels, and all that (that generally depends more on art and level design)?

Here's what I wrote in my update text, what I hope to achieve this coming week. I *do* have a few shifts working outside and some events coming up, but it should still work out just fine:

---

As well, I should add my plans for the coming week!

1. Wren's Nest

> - Work more on the 'cabin-like feel' of the first 'snowglobe' area. **QUESTION**: Will this first area be themed after the actual Wren's Nest building? If so, should it just take _inspiration_ from the actual Wren's Nest or should it be a _representation_ of it?
> - Represent different resources differently (changing button text for 'playable' links to games, educational resources, or whatever else.
> - Maybe implement some music. I had the idea to have a day and night theme, both are coming along deliciously at the moment.

2. Clock Minigame

> - Determine scope: **QUESTION**: How many levels might we want for this? This way, I can create a cohesive set of levels for training the player and all that with the game's mechanics.
> - Optimize and debug MORE with my physics
> - Develop MORE ability-interactable platforms! Like ones that follow paths forwards and backwards!
> - Create background elements that respond to the abilities as well :D.

For both projects, I'm reaching a point where the base systems are getting implemented, and the time for level design and assets is approaching (particularly with the Clock Game). There was, is, and will be lots of testing to perform on these projects, but I was wondering **if anything else is really missing from these projects thus far** that I can take care of in advance.

---

Past all this though, I think there are some fun little things that I could do with the space of the Wren's Nest as I continue to develop it. Maybe having interactable elements that *aren't* selectable. I think of the pianos in Overwatch or all of that. There are undoubtedly FAR superior examples, but what are you gonna do :).
I also think that Plaques would make some really good selectable elements to read about things, but that's just me.