Continuing from [[2023-05-31]]. I haven't had the time to sit down for a more formal update like this which has stunk, but I've had a metric ton to do lately. Staying busy rocks, except for when it doesn't LOL. In any case, time to think.

That said, in the last week I had some time to think more about the Wren's Nest and what it needs. At this point a basic visual upgrade was necessary, so I tried it. I'm currently in the process of making 3D models of the Wren's Nest and eventually what goes inside of it and all that. It's a slow process because I'm not so great at it, but I know what I want and that helps a ton!

For the aesthetic, Scott said to go with something more stylized. I like how some of the textures currently look with their ultra-mega-HD appearances, but I want something nice and almost... dream-like. Not entirely, but something pleasant, ethereal, but lucid enough for a player to connect to and enjoy. To do this, I want to "revive" this caricature of the Wren's Nest by populating it with toys, games, and resources like it must have been back in the day. I suspect that once I get things looking mostly right that I'll need to make some smaller-scope linkable web games besides the Clock Game. Like a simple card game or something to that effect. But, that's for later.

For now, I need to try and finish those models of the Wren's Nest house. I really am itching to write and review some code, but I need to turn my attention for now.
	In the vein of code, though, I wrote a little thing that uses the easy 3-month temperate season dates to detect the current season. It won't correspond perfectly with real-time seasonal start dates, but it'll work.
		I like the idea of allowing for different looks during different seasons AT LEAST, but that's for later.
	As well, in the hacky PlayerController script, I choose to avoid gravity. I should probably implement that if my islands will have ANY verticality.
	In addition, looking into why the Lerps that depend on those for loops don't go exactly where they need to might be useful. That annoys me somewhat.

---

HOLY I've spent a while today 3D modelling... Houghhhh........
But at least, things aren't too terrible. At this point, I'm missing textures for the lattice out front because I don't *yet* want to 3D model it all. And I'm missing a chimney on the left of the house. I believe there's ALSO an inner wall dividing the middle room? But that's very easy to add.

It's pretty weird that the materials from Maya don't import with their same settings, but I understand it. It must be tough, but when I rotate a texture 90deg to look right in Maya, it's an additional 90deg rotated in Unity! This throws my walls and things off by... a bit, lol. Not to mention the lack of confidence I have currently in the texture alignments... I have to figure something out for this. **I'm FAIRLY sure it's how the UV shells are aligned / rotated** so I'm going to have to return to this tomorrow.
Every time I open Maya I feel like those coal miners from the Great Gatsby or something; the knowing stare as I'm lowered into the breach, ordained with a silent understanding that the next six hours of my life will be spent right here LOL.

Alright so tomorrow when I pick this up again (after my haircut :D), I have a few things to do: ^162695
- Ensure that floor textures are aligned properly.
- Ensure that wall textures are aligned properly.
- Lattices
	- Make other lattice textures in Aseprite (maybe 50x50px?)
	- Make front lattices equal size to side revenue
- Make Chimney
- Figure out where the divide is in the middle / rear room (?)