Continuing from [[2023-05-23]].

Man, I have some ideas. Mainly about TIME, which I just got a handle on in the last and second-to-last entries, and my day/night cycle. What if I, lil' ol' me, was able to sync these two? That might be DELICIOUS (but would require more work on the gradient data for the lighting).

Well, some various approaches haven't been working as I intended thus far... It's mostly to do with the fact that I want a persistent TimeManager across scenes. I want this fellow to invoke a UnityEvent or so that EVERYONE has access to. However, I notice that when the game starts, it has to be `DontDestroyOnLoad`'d so it can persist at all. However, I need to find some way to make sure this occurs in time for start or something.

Blah blah bleeh blah blooh so basically I got it working, but in a way that I'm not sure how much I like...
Long story short, I have the TimeManager talking to the LightingManager via a **direct reference**. As in, the TimeManager wants to have a LightingManager on the same GameObject to reference. The object, because it's a persistent singleton because of the TimeManager, will persist. However... hmmmmmmm....
Each level *might* have different lighting gradients and things like that... If I make the LightingManager persist as well, I should probably try and find some gradients or things that may be scene-specific to work with.
Well, maybe not. Probably, the distinction of all this lighting between scenes doesn't quite sound right in a hub world with a day night cycle that brings that sense of realism.

---



