Continuing from [[2023-06-07]].

Ah, what a nice day is today. If I just don't go outside I won't have to endure the potentially hazardous air conditions that have been plaguing us of late. How scary!

In any case, I have some ideas today. Ideas that will help the direction of this Wren's Nest project.

## Music Ideas

I was interested in how effective it would be to have different tracks for the time of day and season and all that. For that, my mind goes straight to Animal Crossing. They primarily made music about the time of day, but I don't recall if they did seasonal variants as well.

Here, I can't really decide which approach I'd want to *lean more towards*, a time-of-day based song variance, or a seasonal variance.

What I had in mind was to prepare a playlist of more ambient songs, something like the ones from my favorite Dwarf Fortress, Rimworld, Animal Crossing, Civilization, and more. I was thinking I have a group of example tracks like this:
- Summer Tracks
	- Summer Day
		- SummerDay1
		- SummerDay2...
	- Summer Evening
		- SummerNight1
		- SummerNight2...
	- Summer Cues
		- SummerMorningCue
		- SummerSunsetCue
		- SummerDawnCue
			- Will this ever be seen? Lol

It doesn't need to be this extensive, but I'm interested in writing a few variant tracks that aren't all PRIMARILY the Wren's Nest melody.
As well, it's important for these tracks not to overstep their duty. They're meant to be more ambient, so you can chill out to and all that. Nothing too crazy with these, I can't be afraid to leave them less melodic and all that.

## Development Ideas

So another thing I wanted to consider was billboarded UI. These might be helpful to indicate what you might look at or select, and can certainly help in terms of accessibility.

I could use just a little icon or blip or something like that to represent what to look at here or there.

Past that though, I'm interested in the use of text billboard UI and all that. I don't think it has a significant amount of usage here compared to little billboarded icons, but I'm not sure.

## A Legend / Map / List of Contents

I've prepared the file [['Snowglobes' & Contents]] to organize what I want in each Snowglobe. I imagine there should be at least 4 (maybe avg. 6) linkable resources in each Snowglobe, but that's a very tentative, uncalculated number. There should probably be more things that are not linkable, but interactable / selectable otherwise.

---

