Continuing from [[2023-06-06]]. Just got my haircut. Looking sharp. Smelling right. I'm about to MALICE some tasks today. Let's see what I had..

Right, more 3D Modelling related things! I'm thankful to have gotten some really positive feedback on the models and work I've been doing which is certainly nice because I feel like I know so little of what I'm doing.

##### Spriting Lattice Textures
Last time, I said I had some work to do with making the proper Lattice textures, so let's do that right quick. I need three, one of which I already have.
COMPLETED!
I'll have to make sure they work in the engine later once I get things properly sized and all that.

##### Resizing Lattice Textures on the Model
Ok, in we go to Maya.
This was pretty neat, I redid the whole lattice structure and materials, now they show properly in Maya, but they'll naturally have to be carefully imported in Unity. That said, they're MOSTLY finished.

While I was at it I adjusted the texture alignment on the external walls, as well as the UV rotation on the middle and rear room's floors. Essentially, the floors SHOULD line up now. but we'll see.

I still haven't made the chimney yet, but I'll have to do that next... Hm.

---

Now, let's see what this looks like in Unity. I'm going to try and type more of my thoughts as I do this, it's just so easy to go incognito when I'm focused on 3D modelling. At least, much more easy than programming where I'm already typing and swapping between windows at lightspeed.

Alright, so there's a lot that's right, like the lattice now! I've prepared the materials and they look fairly nice, I only need to rename them and all that. For issues, here's what I find:
- Modelling
	- No fireplace (insert Megamind meme)
	- Tudor-style wooden beams and rafters on the inside?
- Textures
	- Need texture for rafters / internal roof texture
		- IRL it seems to just be normal wood like the floor.
	- Need texture for internal walls - Wallpaper?
	- Need texture for roof edge
	- Need texture for doors and latticed wood surfaces, windows too.
- UVs
	- External wall plank textures still misaligned, need to rotate wall UVs for the rooms.
	- FrontRoom Roof edges have a weird UVing on the very edges of the mesh...

---

Back in Maya, grr... I'm really hoping I don't have to completely scrap and redo my front-room model. The other two rooms don't have a problem, but some strange issue with one of the edge loops on the roof of my FrontRoom is flipping out. The worst part is that I can't quite fix it by UVing or editing that stuff. It might be another night of construction for me.

There was also some non-manifold geometry, which I assume derives from the absolute insanity of that edge loop in question.

GRRR but here goes I guess. I can't move on without this, but I also didn't expect to be doing this. At least, the core system of the game is mostly in place. 

``WELL`` that took a little bit to do, but once I built it properly and used that automatic UV map generation function, MWAH! It was so beautiful I could cry... and I almost did after having to reapply all my textures when I forgot that I had to make the front roof converge into the middle roof. After an export, let's load up Unity and see what we have here.

After some dinner and a lil' rest, here we go, back to Unity. I fixed an issue with the latticing textures and things should be alright. Let's see!

---

Alright, after some more heinous-sized texture downloads from that Polyhaven, I have something that... that I like. This little model of the Wren's Nest is pretty darn good. There are still things I might want to fix about it, but for now it's... pretty nice.

A thing I can take care of tomorrow morning when I'm back at it is to make a *front step*. Then maybe I can tackle the interior.

For tonight though, I think I'll close it off working on some more music.
