Continued from [[2023-06-09]].
It's been a while since I last posted, but I'll spare you the details - 2 other projects and having this project in a good spot have kept me from doing major, big changes and all that.

That said, there are some things I want to write about before I go play some tonight.

---

The first topic is my meetings of late. The Wren's Nest has been very well received. Today, I met with Scott to discuss some good things going forwards.

### Seasons
Seasons are ABSOLUTELY A GO. However, I've been having some trouble being a RAM cheapskate. I think I'll need to *generate the Wren's Nest based on seasonal layouts upon starting up.* I've been trying desperately to set materials and I still have a hue-shifting shader approach for autumn leaves, but arranging a preset arrangement for each season might be more useful...
	The main reason for this has been trying to set the colors of the leaves programmatically and also wrangling the default Unity terrain. I'll have to see what I do about the Unity terrain with their layers and all that stuff compared to just flat out modelling the surface of the Wren's Nest in Maya. I favor the latter approach by a mile.

### Landing / Splash Screen
I know the Wren's Nest needs something like this upon startup, but Scott suggested maybe making a cartoony version of the house and Wren's Nest snowglobe for preschoolers and little kiddos to enjoy as well as the current version I have for adults now. There, I can indulge my cartoony and less-precise techniques.

### IRL Synergy with Museums
Scott had an INCREDIBLE idea and pitched it to me, in having some real-life integration that gives value to actual visits to the museum. Long story short, you could hide some little plaques, codes, or other things around the museum (very minimal engagement for the staff and things like that) that can be entered into our virtual experiences for additional content. Long story short, you find a little code or password and use that in the game. That would be so cool!
Scott even said that if I wanted to (very strongly hinted at), I could pitch this virtual museum approach to Hagley and try this approach there. There could be a LOT of value in this, since it allows us to recreate and explore representations of the historical areas we can no longer see and all that. It saves historical spaces, adds depth to your museum visit, caters to the younger audiences with a virtual experience, and can allow for a self-paced exploration of things and features about the museum. This makes so much sense, it's astounding. This is also why Scott makes the big buckaroonies!

### 'Peeled' / Revealed Assets
This is ANOTHER great idea by Scott. If we have old photos scanned and found virtually, we can take them in the engine and show them at their corresponding sites in the museum. As an example, visitors at Hagley can't explore inside the Gibbons House on their own, but we have a few pictures of the house from back in the day, and we can show some sample images of the bedroom, parlor, and more there! Long story short, we can show curated historical images in their corresponding virtual locations.

### Minimap
:)

### NPCs
Maybe a groundskeeper, some context-relevant folks around to talk about certain information / link out to certain experiences.