Continuing from [[2023-10-09]] and the AMAZING ideas we had there.

So I have to choose what things I want to work on before the meeting this Friday from some of the ones last time.

Tonight, besides maybe doing my physics homework, here's what I want to target / find solutions for:
- [ ] Loading a Seasonal Version of the Wren's Nest
	- [ ] Literally just make a prefab of a seasonal layout and that's that
- [ ] Splash Screen / Choices to Load Certain Wren's Nest layouts
- [ ] Minimap
- [ ] Complete Seasonal Music Tracks (Stretch goal for tonight).


### Loading a Seasonal Version of the Wren's Nest
This is a pretty decent-feeling undertaking. It's simple in concept, but we'll see how it is in execution.

I want to make a script that manages the instantiation and proper placement of the objects in the scene, based on some ScriptableObject Data for a layout.

Here's my first approach:

I'll make a very simple data piece called a SetObject. This will refer to a prefab of a GameObject, some transform data for it (position, rotation, scale) when loaded in.
	Note that a SetObject's prefab can be a SelectableObject -- that is, a GameObject with a SelectableObject script on it.

You know what...

I'm overcomplicating this... By a bit... Like a lot... ***LIKE THAT'S LITERALLY WHAT PREFABS AND NESTING IS FOR...***

Which all means, that this is a problem that must be solved with organization in my hierarchy that makes sense, and allows for me to more easily customize the ELEMENTS within the Wren's Nest (both changing and unchanging with the seasons).

Here's my NEW APPROACH. I'll make a season-specific PREFABS of the Wren's Nest and then just load all that. ONLY when that's finished will a show anything else. I worry a bit about the loading time on this depending on the platform, but it *should* be alright, we'll see.

***TLDR: Wren's Nest Seasonal Variants will be made as big, individual prefabs.***

---

### Splash Screen / Starting UI
Now that I've gotten that ironed out I suppose, I'll now think about the splash screen and things like that.
This really isn't THAT hard, I just need to show some UI in the same scene as the Wren's Nest main one upon startup, then instantiate the world with a loading screen, then get everything into position and let them play the game like normal.

The main thing here is getting buttons to handle loading different versions of the Wren's Nest. It'll just be tedious to write all that, but otherwise uncomplicated. :D

### Minimaps
This'll be fun to do, what a treat. I have to watch some tutorials to make a nifty-looking minimap, but I want to see what I can't do about making it pretty nice with the game.

### Master Resource List
This one speaks for itself, being able to load a master list of ALL the resources in a scene.

---
# 10/19

Continuing from YESTERDAY. That was the planning. Here's the execution.

I want to start today by reflecting on my understanding of my approach. I make prefabs, seasonal sets of resources. I make a loading sequence to load the right one and some data / organizational structure about it, a start screen, and a minimap.

I'm starting by making my awful yucky nasty BIG commit. Now that that's out of the way, let's redo my island platform.

---

### Loading the Proper Seasonal Assets
So I'm just going to finish up painting the default Wren's Nest green-grass-having Terrain for Spring and Summer.
Then, I'll make a version with some more fall-like assets and things like that.