Alrighty, so yesterday we had a little meeting to talk about the goal for the Wren's Nest. I was told that the Wren's Nest ought to be a nice, calming menu area that you can explore in first person perspective (currently). It is meant to be able to link you to other external resources via selectable objects that lead you to informational and confirmation prompts.
The theming for the Wren's Nest would be things like:
- Cabin settings
- Playhouse / playroom
- Enchanted Forest

Audio-wise, I know EXACTLY what I want to do here. Some nice, chilled-out, delayed acoustic guitar and warm synth settings. Slow, with not a heavy rhythmic emphasis, etc. Excited flutes and winds perhaps here and there. MAYBE even some dynamic music, though I've not tried it just yet? That'd be so cool....
Aesthetically, I think it might be cool to do...

Long-story short though, that's what it is so far and I wanted to try and mock some of it up. To start, here's what I'm going to be taking a nip at:
- PlayerController
	- Raycasts to hit interactable objects for selection.
- SelectableObject
	- Glows when selected
	- Clicking opens up an InfoPrompt
- InfoPrompt
	- Loads a ScriptableObject with information and hyperlinks to external resources.
- ScriptableCamera
	- Lerps to specific positions and rotations upon selection, returns to player when SelectableObject is deselected

Let's get started, even though it's a bit later. I always love some good nighttime development.

---

But, before I do, let me get my custom Input System up in here. LOVE that thing!

In any case, I'm just going to use the CharacterController to make a basic PlayerController script. Shouldn't be a problem here at all to make a FPS-oriented PlayerController, but we'll see!

Alright, so I've made a decent PlayerController, it's a bit janky but it works with a ScriptableCameraController and it's pretty cute so far.

Now that I've got MOST of the basics down, let's make a little SelectableObject or so.
There's actually a few different approaches I could go with here. Because it's a first person POV thing, I'm restricting the mouse to the center of the screen. This means that I could TECHNICALLY try and just use OnMouseEnter/Over/Whatever to activate selected objects? I'd have to see really quick...
On second thought, I want to try for a Raycast approach so I can have some simpler control over this all.

Let me think about how I want this...
PlayerController PROBABLY shouldn't have a lot of say in selection logic, probably just moving the player and the camera. Different selection logic is relevant here for sure.
So I think I'll move it to its own component that sits on the camera. When we SELECT an object, I need to fire off an event that lets the Player know to activate / deactivate, and for the camera to lerp over to a specific position.

I was able to get these first two goals done today, but not the Selectable Objects. I'll see if I don't revisit that tomorrow or the day after, I'll have to see what I need to do planning wise. Cheers and good night!