Continuing from [[2024-01-17]].

Heeheehoohoo I'm having a good day. Not for any particular reason either, I woke up and had a weird nosebleed and had to endure horrifically icy roadway conditions BUT I had a good class and am solving some more problems today in this project.

Mainly, I'm continuing from where I left off yesterday in terms of sorting and perhaps filtering the list of BulletinEvents and actually displaying it. Long story short, I got that all working before I started this note. There's PLENTY of refactoring and other things to take care of here as well.

Long story short, I want to add other data paths for other JSON files. I can repeat this process (now that it works) for other JSON files so if people added a `2024PlannedEvents.json` file, and then maybe a `WinterEvents.json` or something. The less files the better of course, but it's better clerically to maintain records by year or season, and parsing multiple events helps with that.

So now I'm able to just AddRange() the contents of another `jsonStringList` that I make just like the other one, meaning that I can add as MANY JSON lists as I want >:). The main thing now is to refactor this OR AT LEAST organize it somewhat better.

Long story short, my process here goes like so:
I take a bunch of data paths to JSON files in a `jsonStringList`.
Then, I iterate through the  `jsonStringList`, converting each bulletinEvent's jsonString in the list to a BulletinEvent and then adding it to a cached list of BulletinEvents.