Continuing from a while ago since I last wrote about my development stuff here. Since then, I had that demo day, then Christmas Break. Between those two time periods, I mostly worked on other stuff and eventually got a nice NEW computer! The Wren's Nest hasn't ever looked (and played) so well.

In any case, it's my last semester here at school. I'm doing this internship for a last session before I can continue it on my own after graduation. That said, I have some things I wanted to change and plans and all that.

---

Firstly, I wanted to make SelectableObjects easier to find and see. To that end, I've made little UI "pins" or little UI billboarded objects that point towards visible SelectableObjects in the view. I've also found a nice, new, Prefab-oriented way to make SelectableObjects so I don't have things so disorganized and hard to find in my project.

I've just implemented that and BOY that'll make finding and editing my SelectableObjects much easier!

---

Now that that's in, I want to load some data for the Bulletin Board. This will be plenty of fun! Although I *could* use CSV or XML data, I might just want to do JSON since that seems to be how we do things.
So, I'll be listing *BulletinEvents*, which can be a data class / struct that I use when I load JSON data into this Bulletin Board to be displayed.

So let's think about the order of things I want to do here...
1. Actually FIND the data in the application's folders.
	1. Not sure if WebGL will make this a problem BUT I hope not...
2. Filter the data
	1. First, cull those that have already happened (maybe)
	2. Secondly, cull those after a certain number / display length
3. Populate the BulletinText

So I've spent a few hours now making things work in different approaches, but I'm having some fun. I wrote a quick Python script to generate test Bulletin Entries for testing, which is pretty convenient. I'll embed it here for use in my Python terminals:

```python
import random

import random

def createJSON(num: int):
    json = ""
    json += "\"testEvent" + str(num) + "\": {\n"
    json += "    \"name\""  + ":" + "\"Test Event " + str(num) + "\",\n"
    json += "    \"month\"" + ":" + str(random.randint(1,12)) + ",\n"
    json += "    \"day\""   + ":" + str(random.randint(1,31)) + ",\n"
    json += "    \"year\""  + ":" + "2024" + ",\n"
    json += "    \"time\""  + ":" + str(random.randint(0000, 2459)) + "\n"
    json += "  }"
    return json

# Create JSON Block List
jsonBlocks = []
numBlocks = 40

print('{')
for i in range(0, numBlocks):
    jsonBlocks.append("  " + createJSON(i))
    if i < numBlocks - 1:
        jsonBlocks[i] += ","
    print(jsonBlocks[i])
print('}')
```

Very cute, eh? Not the best code, but it works wonderfully so far.

In any case, I've got the READING working in C#, and I've got the WRITING / GENERATING going in Python... Perhaps it's time to test all this.

I started late today so I want to come back to this tomorrow. My task for then is to work with the JSON Utility Class to create instances of my BulletinEvent data class FROM a Json String that ONLY includes the delimiters and not the name of the thing.

Well I ended up doing that task.

What I need to do tomorrow *for realsies* is to actually get our entries filtered to show the closest upcoming events given our current time.
